Thank you for participating!
We're not evaluating you in any way, but we're learning from you about how you use the IntellijIDEA and what
works and doesn't work for you. With this, we hope we can make our product better for people like you. There are
no right or wrong answers to any of the questions I'm asking in this study we're simply interested in understanding
how the IntelliJ IDEA interface works to accommodate your needs.

We will conduct this study as a scenario which you will read from the document. You will go through the tasks provided
in the document. While you are working on the tasks, we'd like you to think out loud, which means you give a running
commentary of what's going on in your mind.

You can talk about things you like or don't like. Feel free to say anything that comes to your mind; don't worry about
offending us since we’re here to better understand the usability problems in our software.

We will record a little screencast of you so that we can go back and review things later and make sure we get
everything right. We won't use your name in connection with the recordings or the results. The screencasts  will
only be used internally and never shared anywhere with anyone.

How does all that sound to you? Do you have any questions at this point?


Task

1. Start the application which manages bank accounts.

2. Open accounts search page (“/accounts/search”) to make sure that the application works.
   See that there is only one search available - by account ID.

3. Navigate the search controller to get familiar with it. Look at the handler methods and corresponding views.

4. We need to add more convenient search - by account owner.
    4.1 Expose URL for the new search in accounts microservice.
    4.2 Modify handler method in client microservice to accept owner name.
    4.3 Add name input field to the search view.

   There is a commented out code both in client and accounts microservices, uncomment it to add the new search.

5. Restart required microservices to see the changes.
6. Make sure that new search appeared in the application view and that it works.
